cheap knife
[Music]
mid-range knife
high-end
knife ceramic
knife Chinese knife what I want to
show you is that this 50 euro knife
has the same performance as this
200 euro knife
but so how much do I have to spend on a
knife this is  the question
we are trying to answer today what
is the value of a knife what should I do with it and therefore
how much should I pay for it
hi I'm chef Davide Maffioli
welcome back to my channel
if we go here we see that we have an
infinite amount of various prices for
knives  so we can spend 150
euros we can spend 20 euros to have a
set of knives
so for those who don't know much about
knives it's a mess to be able to enter
this world because it doesn't say but if
I can spend 30 euros buy a set
of ten-piece knives spend 100
euro and buy me a knife he rightly
says it because from the hospital 100 euro
buys a knife when with 30 I
can't have 10 right let's start from the
concept that all the companies, let's say the
most famous ones, however the best known ones
produce excellent quality knives
so start  talk about this type
of knives or in any case about companies that
have centuries-old and two hundred-year-old and
thousand-year-old histories, all these houses have
various price ranges, that is, starting
from the 50 euro knife and then going up
to unspeakable figures
when you buy the knife together with the
knife if you don't have it you have to buy either
a hint or a stone or this closed
I which is the brass knuckles that is the one
they took nicely because it is the
first thing one must remember
when I buy the knife is that at a
certain moment the edge  of the blade ends
and so when it ends it no longer cuts
like at the beginning when you buy it you
take it out and it starts cutting what does it do
for the deputy that moment there is beautiful
when you feel that the blade cuts so
perfect and a magical moment I know I understand you
we all have this problem I
show that using the brass knuckles and
look you have to load a bit of
noise here some small
metal residues and which means that
the wire has been treated well
I recommend that you always wash with the drop after it
was entrusted to and then  clean the
cutting board if you are on the cutting board you can
really recover the wire in an instant you
can find it
mammamia show so
important thing in clothes if you don't have it
yet in this contraption below in the
description link I leave you both knives and
various trinkets to be able to entrust the
knives and the concept is only to
keep the edge of the blade alive which in
my experience also the
basic difference in the higher cost
of the knife is dictated by the quality
of the steel that is used to
make this type of knife
this not a bad knife
vittorino we are basic santoku it seems to me
that it costs around 50 euros something
like this works very well in
itself it is an excellent knife and nice even
the whole knurled part here so it doesn't
stick to the food I can say wow
look at this knife it's worth it
in short, it is worth purchasing for these 50
euros it is not an out of the ordinary figure,
the basic difference between this
knife which costs 50 euros
and this knife from Cai Sun,
the team waltz edition which is basically a
santoku like this one so I am
both santoku no more no less
and the time it takes for the edge of the
blade to deteriorate the concept is I
buy them both new ok year the edge
all perfect they work great a
cool tagliani chaste itself between
detail like this and I'm very happy but
most likely the
victorinox knife, this 50 euro edition,
in five days if I cut a lot at
let's say a professional level,
naturally at home it lasts longer because
maybe someone uses it less if I cut a lot
the thread lasts five days six days
then I should go there  with china or with
stone or with my brass knuckles,
in short, you will have to use some tool
to make the edge come back. The
basic difference instead of buying this other
knife which costs 200 euros is in the
fact that the edge of this knife
lasts. Now I can't say  ten times
as much but five times as much
ok so the concept is just how
long the blade lasts for me
this on a practical level then
naturally what then varies
is that one is damask the other is
damask the handle can be nicer and more
ergonomic  and made better the higher a
more basic plastic handle then there
are these other variables no which
therefore have an impact on
daily use if one uses the knife a lot
but basically the real big parameter that
differentiates a knife from  200
euros, one 50 euros and therefore I also assume
another of 10 euros is the life time
of the knife edge.
Always remember that with a
sharp knife it is much more difficult to cut
yourself if the knife slips away
because if the sharp knife enters the
inside the food easily
so you don't have to put too much force by
not putting too much force on the knife
itself but instead with the
sharp knife you have to put much
more force in the pressure to
cut so if the
knife escapes you almost get  certainly much
worse because then you have all the strength
of your arm, shoulder and whole body
which then goes on to cut you, however having said
that I have had to buy this knife for a lot of years
there is the
Chinese knife because now he was making
some videos for you  by b who uses this who
makes stuff with it who I wonder how do
they do it with a big knife like that it costs a
big blade like that to do what they do
[Music]
and so I've decided that I too want to
become the absolute Jedi of the
Chinese knife and  so I bought it
because I want to understand how
this gamines knife works or two or three months
the time that enters a bit into the spirit
of these knives because I must say that
compared to the others that I have always
used the concept is completely
different even just how you go about
cutting  so now he is studying to
become a master of
Chinese knife son also disappointments
said in English clip
I hope I have been clear arrived
made it clear that there is no need for the
200 euro knife to cut well
one buys a knife for 200 euros
if he has  the 3d of the knives and it fits and can't
extend that much more naturally otherwise
even a 50 euro knife is
fine a handle makes all the
difference in the world but not so much if it is
more or less ergonomic but it is the size
of the handle itself because each of  we
have a different hand so there is the
bigger hand the smaller hand the
giant hand and the tiny hand look at these
two knives
look at the difference in the handle that
these 21 have it is practically double the other
one absurdly the Chinese cleaver
and yet  smaller than this one
keeps the knife's edge alive
this is the most important thing
bye to the next video it's a moment
to fall into the tunnel I'll
tell you I've been there too
sometimes I fall into it again it takes a
self help group because everyone thinks  the various
drugs
cocaine marijuana crack but
no one thinks about that well-being that
the knife brings you when you touch it
when you caress it when
you feel it cutting so well
under your fingers it gives you
unspeakable emotions